java c
Assessment   Brief   –   MKT3019

Module   Code:
MKT3019
Module   Title:
Data   Driven Marketing   Decisions
Assessment Type:
Individual   Report (Module   weightage:   50%)
Semester:
Semester   2
Academic   Year:
2023-24
Hand in   Date:
Deadline:   4pm on Friday May 10th, 2024.
Module   Learning   Outcomes
Intended Knowledge   Outcomes1.   Demonstrate   knowledge   and   understanding   of   data   types,   data   handling   and   analytics   methods essential   to data   driven   marketing   decisions2.   Use and apply a range of analytics tools and techniques to develop useful strategic   insights   critical to marketing   and   business   operations3.   Understand   and   apply   digital   analytics   tools   and   techniques   in   marketing   context4.   Critically evaluate and apply theoretical concepts related to marketing and business   analytics
Intended   Skill   Outcomes1.   Understand   and   frame   data   driven   marketing   problems2.   Identify the nature of data essential to marketing analytics and decision making   process3.   Develop conceptual and practical understanding of data modelling in marketing   analytics4.   Analyse, resolve and communicate complex business and marketing problems using   data   analytics and visualisation   tools5.   Apply   digital   analytics   methods   in   resolving   digital   marketing   problems
   Assessment   Case   BriefThe New-Ark Shoes Ltd.   is an SME, based in Newcastle Upon Tyne, that operates online   by selling, both, locally produced and imported branded shoes. The business has ambitious   growth   plans   in   rivalling   some   of   the   high   street   shoe   stores and   appointed   you   as   a   Business   and   Marketing   Analytics   Executive   to   develop   an   organisational   data   driven   decision   making   culture.The   organisation   has   received   your   first   descriptive   analytics   report   and   wants   you   to   develop   more   predictive   business-related   insights   into   the   future.   Your   next   assignment   is   to   produce   a 2000   word (+/-10%)   comprehensive   analytics   report   addressing   the   following:1.   Predictive   Business   Intelligence:   as   part   of   this   section,   you   are   expected   to   develop   TWO predictive analytics models (decision models)   and generate key analytical insights using these   models. Your designed predictive models must generate important business insights   related   to   important   marketing   mixes   or   business   operations   or   customer   insights.   You         must identify and discuss validity of your predictive analytics models (decision models) and its   implications on your findings. You must use Dataset A   (and optionally Dataset B)   for   this section. You can also include credible external data代 写MKT3019 Data Driven Marketing Decisions Semester 2 2023-24R
代做程序编程语言 to your data models and   analysis to enhance the robustness of your analysis. However, using Dataset   B or external data is not mandatory in this section. In addition to the quality of data   models,   quality   of   argument construction coupled with visualisation   will   also   be   important considerations.   Appropriate analytics and visualisation software must be utilised to perform. this task. [40%]2.   Digital Marketing: as part of this section, you are expected to develop or identify at   least 4 key KPIs (descriptive or predictive analytics) that will help the manager   understand web and digital marketing performance of the company. You must use   Dataset   B   for   this   section focused on digital   analytics.   [20%]3.   Textual/Sentiment Analysis: as part of this section you are expected to conduct   sentiment/textual analysis based on data collected from a competitors social media   platform. You must focus on generating insights from consumer brand sentiments that could inform. strategic thinking for New-Ark Shoes Ltd.   [10%]4.   Recommendations: as part of this section, you are   expected   to   develop   strategic   recommendations   based   on   all your   previous   analyses (in parts 1,2  3 above).   You   must also include recommendations on how the company can improve their data management and   analytics strategy and apply Big Data concepts to improve their business   performance.   [20%]5.   Organisation      Presentation:   10%   is   dedicated   towards   overall   structure,   organisation and presentation of the report. A clear and organised report structure   along   with   professional   presentation   standards   will   determine   the   level   of   mark   awarded   under this section.   [10%]
Total   Mark:   100Due to lack of technical knowledge your manager cannot give you any specific advice on   what   type   of   predictive   models   to   develop   and   what   type   of   analysis   to   carry   out.   He   believes   that as an expert you can make that judgement and present data models that will help him   understand the future of the business. You manager has made historic data available to you   as Dataset A  Dataset B and recommends you carry out comprehensive predictive   business   analysis in   addition   to   producing   sound strategic   recommendations.A   2000-word   report   must   be   submitted   via   Turnitin   link   provided   on   Canvas.Formative Feedback: formative feedbacks will be provided to students based on generic   and individual questions during designated assignment support sessions. There will be   dedicated   assignment   support   sessions   in   addition to   synchronous   taught   sessions.What is excluded from the wordcount: Cover Page, Executive summary, Content list,   Reference   list, Appendices.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
